
\input texinfo

@setfilename imogen.info
@settitle Imogen

@titlepage
@title Imogen

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@c @insertcopying
@end titlepage
@paragraphindent 0

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@c -----------------------------------  Top  -----------------------------------

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Imogen

@setfilename omake-server.info

Imogen is a theorem prover for intuitionistic logics.

@end ifnottex

@menu
* Propositional logic::
@end menu

@c -------------------------------  Quick start  -------------------------------

@node Propositional logic
@unnumbered Propositional logic

@unnumberedsec Input syntax

Imogen supports two kinds of syntax for propositional logic.
Regular formulas and polarized formulas.  Both also include an
ascii and a unicode syntax.

@unnumberedsubsec Regular formulas

'p' is a prediate symbol
from the language [a-zA-Z_0-9] where the first character can not be
a numeral.

Ascii

F ::= p | true | false | F & F | F '|' F | F -> F | F <- F | F <-> F | (F)

Unicode

F ::= p | ⊤ | ⊥ | F ∧ F | F ∨ F | F ⊃ F | F ⊂ F | F ⇔ F | (F)

@unnumberedsubsec Polar formulas

'p' is a positive prediate symbol from the language [a-zA-Z_0-9] where the first
character must be lower-case.

'n' is a negative prediate symbol from the language [a-zA-Z_0-9] where the first
character must be upper-case.

Ascii

P ::= p | P <*> P | _1 | P <+> P | _0 | $ N | (P) @*
N ::= n | N & N | P -o N | N o- P | N o-o N | ^ P | (N)

Unicode

P ::= p | P ⊗ P | _1 | P ⊕ P | _0 | ↓ N | (P) @*
N ::= n | N & N | P -o N | N o- P | N o-o N | ↑ P | (N)

We also support the syntax:

∧ = ⊗ = <*>
=> = -> = ⊃ = -o

@unnumberedsubsec Associativity

Items on the same line have equal precedence.
Items with higher precedence are listed first.

Right : & ∧ <*> @*
Right : | ∨ <+> @*
Right : -> ⊃ -o @*
Left  : <- ⊂ o- @*
Right : <-> o-o

@unnumberedsubsec Extra syntax

We also support => as an alias for -> 

@c -----------------------------------  End  -----------------------------------

@bye
